fix(docs): Update README.md + Images (#65)
Security-Tools-Alliance/rengine-ng: README.md

Reviewer: Please change everything to `reNgine-ng`, exactly like that. Some have typos or lack completely the change. Also, please clarify that this is about a fork of `reNgine`.

Author: Done

</p>

<p align="center">
<a href="https://github.com/Security-Tools-Alliance/rengine-ng/actions/workflows/codeql-analysis.yml" target="_blank"><img src="https://github.com/Security-Tools-Alliance/rengine-ng/actions/workflows/codeql-analysis.yml/badge.svg" alt="" /></a>&nbsp;<a href="https://github.com/Security-Tools-Alliance/rengine-ng/actions/workflows/build.yml" target="_blank"><img src="https://github.com/Security-Tools-Alliance/rengine-ng/actions/workflows/build.yml/badge.svg" alt="" /></a>&nbsp;
</p>

<p align="center">
<a href="https://discord.gg/Yxq8DR9X" target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/discord/1227920361564143766" alt="" /></a>&nbsp;
</p>

<p align="center">
<a href="https://opensourcesecurityindex.io/" target="_blank" rel="noopener">
<img style="width: 282px; height: 56px" src="https://opensourcesecurityindex.io/badge.svg" alt="Open Source Security Index - Fastest Growing Open Source Security Projects" width="282" height="56" /> </a>
</p>

# reNgine-ng

> ### Redefining the future of reconnaissance!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Doesn't add much and violates Markdownlint.

> ### Why reNgine-ng?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Why reNgine-ng?
```

> reNgine-ng is a fork of [renGine](https://github.com/yogeshojha/rengine)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
reNgine-ng is a fork of [reNgine](https://github.com/yogeshojha/rengine).
```

> ### What is reNgine-ng?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## What is reNgine-ng?
```

See the [Contributing Guide](.github/CONTRIBUTING.md) to get started.

You can also [join our Discord channel #development](https://discord.gg/VUS8P9zF) for any development related questions.

![-----------------------------------------------------](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/andreasbm/readme/master/assets/lines/aqua.png)

### First-time Open Source contributors

Please note that reNgine-ng is beginner friendly. If you have never done open-source before, we encourage you to do so. **We will be happy and proud of your first PR ever.**

You can start by resolving any [open issues](https://github.com/Security-Tools-Alliance/rengine-ng/issues).

![-----------------------------------------------------](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/andreasbm/readme/master/assets/lines/aqua.png)

### reNgine-ng Support

Please do not use GitHub for support requests. Instead, [join our Discord channel #support](https://discord.gg/Mh7GKz4x).

![-----------------------------------------------------](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/andreasbm/readme/master/assets/lines/aqua.png)

### Support

> We are volunteers, working hard on reNgine-ng to add new features with the sole aim of making it the de facto standard for reconnaissance. Help is welcome, you could participate by creating PR, update docs ...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are volunteers, working hard on reNgine-ng to add new features with the sole aim of making it the de facto standard for reconnaissance. Help is welcome, you can help us out by opening a PR.
```
